hello how is it there was spent time this one
from the box and god of war 3 the pandora box edition
and they go to the cinema arrange they pointed out that the special edition of dante's inferno
special edition called this case estivill edition
and that I did not know
let's say when it came out
such developments had led and its special that I think is prison
Special ibarretxe for the typical edition
special box in dvd format with its respective cardboard cover
It is short of cardboard that after the curls get some postcards
download codes macias shabby measurement
different was hostage but that is not nothing special either
However, together with the crisis, a single division
which is what I have here
and that if your collector edition is not telling you substantial boxes
big
whose content I know him I mean that I have not seen any video any
Photo
evidently detailed in the back cover of the box
but this is the first time I see what was inside of him
first hand
and the cinema and I tell you
that has come out in transitions the prison rule of evin edition
and there is more
I think here Europe by different divisions america mark e in that case in
this American case then it is
a box as is
where it puts division and it's over because it will be the nut and it seems that in this case
we Europeans have been lucky with the edition with the special special
collector
and the belt and the games and I think it's worth not percent were girls
it did not have a high reception on the part of the critics a little warm and
it seems that the fact that they are in migrant tuvisa and that you were
so close two by three because he played tricks
however on the part of the users
not everyone here but with players
and fans did not like it very much
and from peers they went shopping posthumous holland to the successor the very
complete and in which he made it clear that the play was quite beautiful and deserved
the penalty without you when you like it or not
we're going against if it's better than god of war 3 which is worse if it's so dry
games and it looks good and and it's that it feels
so I do not like what it brings that I already tell you for me it's a surprise and
in addition and as another surprise
special mention of yankee stadium for psp
that is a special beginning mime night three art books and that also costs
the same as it is normal which is a point in its favor we are not going to see it and
see that our institution
as you see
extradition of psp
self-respecting kirchner
find out different box
cardboard box that would then be the typical plastic box
and that brings a trickle of art
brito art because you see it
pak left more books I will do very well
up to 100 editions that there are three teams repeats I got it a few
days
even though its yesterday's edition is hard to come by
I could get it
almost two months later
and is that you buy your day the box was going to be the one because
barcelona the version that was the first one called to know it
so exposed here
final series contents of other
I tell them their content their prices
for a suit of dismissal to the character before
you know what
'míster alí' inputs that would allow them to take off
soon its logical content
documents but it's as if your game well
he tells his truth of the story dante alighieri
is that it is right based ávila with the divine comedy yes
Ian is a complete of the game
musical documentary in hell
and what to guadalmar visitors
such a volume
students begin an epic adventure
and the digital print of the complete poem to the divine comedy
the case of the soundtrack appears like this album and this record comes to say
what the wave
sound its supposed author by supposes included in the dvd is here can not
transfer or motorcycles his part
that is, it is not a divine being but it is a disc with a lot of color in particular
listener listening
and it allows us to listen to the soundtrack
we are going to see them
that yes because both these boxes a nuance and complex of April because not
you know how commission
let's hope it does not take long
witnesses and fees are investigated
d
two
after
these three companies and industries
this was so
the selection does not feel it and does not exist
about bush
rock band
about how he supposed a kind of book
tatxan and crossed out
good in details
it's curious and a couple of healthy
and is that when I edit this video's home when moving it
shake it then abuse hit the inside
and that voice the giant doll cobisa and is half a chuck schumer
indeed puree
sector if he is alive
is whole that is the important thing
but we go
the poor guy hit himself one and a thousand times the perfect front doll japan
registered cotino cover high dresden holder
Deep feeling I do not know if you see it with the camera
and now this
this I think it's the scythe in front
what has been split so it seems
there is remains to see if I can be certain that there are more shocks more
the boss something more than 800
we
but without brakes
transfer process to the game itself
according to oaks complained brings the remaining content that is a tragedy
misled the character of dante
your account about 'how it was done' document about de dante history
soundtrack of all hell musical documentary full of good humor you
and d this is not from dante's inferno in practice and 20 without digital the pole
full
good that this fact more than respects the doll over there
little also cecoes
when he bought them is well done
that yes you have to say today try to ride this water damaged
and in theaters after the resignation of already before reported a bit disappointing the truth
cat I think this is a bit excessive for what track
prior to its beginning masista and bury the collection
its part the box
with all remaining content
I stay mostly with that not only happens according to the same as with that
impression of the divine comedy
has to fall before how good I had the bad luck to get a little
listen state
the Croatian that of any other case is the one of your interest
I think it cost me earlier
if wolf is a little and murillo out there
the musician stays well
so I'm not and they tell me
dante's inferno version
60 minute
little more to say
the robberies for the next a boxing I do not know from what outside
see you later